Docs: Fix documentation with correct default values and add missing options (#4792)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

# CLI flag: -querier.max-outstanding-requests-per-tenant
[max_outstanding_per_tenant: <int> | default = 100]

> # If a querier disconnects without sending notification about graceful shutdown,
> # the query-frontend will keep the querier in the tenant's shard until the forget
> # delay has passed. This feature is useful to reduce the blast radius when shuffle-sharding is enabled.

Reviewer: In addition to my suggested change, can you please implement alternate wording for "reduce the blast radius?" I don't know what you mean with that phrase, and I don't want to use incendiary wording.  I know that the Cortex documentation (https://cortexmetrics.io/docs/guides/shuffle-sharding/) uses that phrase, but we can do better.

```suggestion
# If a querier disconnects without sending a notification about graceful shutdown,
# the query frontend will keep the querier in the tenant's shard until this forget
# delay has passed. This feature is useful to reduce the blast radius when shuffle sharding is enabled.
```

Author: I got all the descriptions from the code (cli flag descriptions), will rephrase that

Author: made it a bit lengthy but it's a complex option

# CLI flag: -querier.max-outstanding-requests-per-tenant
[max_outstanding_per_tenant: <int> | default = 100]

> # In the event a tenant is repeatedly sending queries that leads the querier to crash
> # or getting killed because of out-of-memory, the crashed querier will get disconnected
> # from the query frontend and a new querier will be immediately assigned to the tenant’s shard.
> # This practically invalidates the assumption that shuffle-sharding can be used to reduce the
> # impact between tenants. To mitigate it, this option allows to configure a delay between when
> # a querier disconnects because of a crash and when the crashed querier is actually removed
> # from the tenant's shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In the event a tenant is repeatedly sending queries that lead the querier to crash
# or be killed due to an out-of-memory error, the crashed querier will be disconnected
# from the query frontend and a new querier will be immediately assigned to the tenant’s shard.
# This invalidates the assumption that shuffle sharding can be used to reduce the
# impact on tenants. This option mitigates the impact by configuring a delay between when
# a querier disconnects because of a crash and when the crashed querier is actually removed
# from the tenant's shard.
```

# CLI flag: -querier.max-outstanding-requests-per-tenant
[max_outstanding_per_tenant: <int> | default = 100]

# In the event a tenant is repeatedly sending queries that lead the querier to crash
# or be killed due to an out-of-memory error, the crashed querier will be disconnected
# from the query frontend and a new querier will be immediately assigned to the tenant’s shard.
# This invalidates the assumption that shuffle sharding can be used to reduce the
# impact on tenants. This option mitigates the impact by configuring a delay between when
# a querier disconnects because of a crash and when the crashed querier is actually removed
# from the tenant's shard.
# CLI flag: -query-frontend.querier-forget-delay

> [querier_forget_delay: <duration> | default = 0s]

Reviewer 2: Loki doesn't have support for querier shuffle sharding yet, I wonder if we should keep this configuration removed until it does?

Author: I don't see a problem leaving as is because its not only  related to shuffle sharding but I can remove it no problem

Author: @trevorwhitney any input here?

Reviewer 3: I don't have as much context as @slim-bean, are you saying this value isn't even used by loki yet because tenants don't have shards? If so I can see the point that adding this field to the docs because changing it won't actually do anything. At the same time it is a setting we have that will appear when someone hits the `/config` endpoint or prints the config to stderr, so I don't think there's too much harm in documenting it to help explain how that value got there.

# CLI flag: -querier.worker-parallelism
[parallelism: <int> | default = 10]

# Force worker concurrency to match the -querier.max-concurrent option. Overrides querier.worker-parallelism.
# CLI flag: -querier.worker-match-max-concurrent

> [match_max_concurrent: <bool> | default = false]

Reviewer 3: based on the generic placeholders section at the top, boolean values should use the placeholder <boolean>
```suggestion
[match_max_concurrent: <boolean> | default = false]
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.join-after
  [join_after: <duration> | default = 0s]

>   # Observe tokens after generating to resolve collisions. Useful when using gossiping ring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Observe tokens after generating to resolve collisions. Useful when using a gossip ring.
```

# A target _compressed_ size in bytes for chunks.
# This is a desired size not an exact size, chunks may be slightly bigger
# or significantly smaller if they get flushed for other reasons (e.g. chunk_idle_period)

> # The value 0 for this will create chunks with a fixed 10 blocks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A value of 0 creates chunks with a fixed 10 blocks,
```

memcached:
  # Configures how long keys stay in memcached.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.expiration

>   expiration: <duration> | default = 0

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is true. I believe it defaults to `default_validity`, which by default is 1 hour. Only when `default_validity` is set to 0 will this default to 0.

Author: you are right, I got this config from [here](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/cd9d9c9b425e0ad11d5510deeb8fc2ff76c7a4aa/pkg/storage/chunk/cache/memcached.go#L32)
but looks like its updated [here](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/cd9d9c9b425e0ad11d5510deeb8fc2ff76c7a4aa/pkg/storage/chunk/cache/cache.go#L101)

  # Whether or not to use a consistent hash to discover multiple memcached servers.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.consistent-hash

>   [consistent_hash: <bool> | default = bool]

Reviewer 4: Default is "bool"?

Author: my bad, default is true

  # Whether or not to use a consistent hash to discover multiple memcached servers.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.consistent-hash
  [consistent_hash: <bool> | default = true]

>   # Trip circuit-breaker after this number of consecutive dial failures (if zero then circuit-breaker is disabled).
>   # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.circuit-breaker-consecutive-failures
>   [circuit_breaker_consecutive_failures: <int> | default = 10]
> 
>   # Duration circuit-breaker remains open after tripping (if zero then 60 seconds is used).
>   # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.circuit-breaker-timeout
>   [circuit_breaker_timeout: <duration> | default = 10s]
> 
>   # Reset circuit-breaker counts after this long (if zero then never reset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Trip the circuit breaker after this number of consecutive dial failures.
  # A value of 0 disables the circuit breaker.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.circuit-breaker-consecutive-failures
  [circuit_breaker_consecutive_failures: <int> | default = 10]

  # Duration the circuit breaker remains open after tripping.
  # If set to 0, the duration is 60 seconds.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.circuit-breaker-timeout
  [circuit_breaker_timeout: <duration> | default = 10s]

  # Reset the circuit breaker counts after this duration.
  # A value of 0 never resets the circuit breaker.
```

  # Whether or not to use a consistent hash to discover multiple memcached servers.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.memcached.consistent-hash

>   [consistent_hash: <bool> | default = true]

Reviewer 3: based on the generic placeholders section at the top, boolean values should use the placeholder <boolean>
```suggestion
  [consistent_hash: <boolean> | default = true]
```

  [max_size_items: <int> | default = 0]

  # The expiry duration for the cache.

>   # The default value of 0 means that it will never get expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The default value of 0 disables expiration.
```

  [max_size_items: <int> | default = 0]

  # The expiry duration for the cache.
  # The default value of 0 disables expiration.
  # CLI flag: -<prefix>.fifocache.duration

>   [validity: <duration> | default = 0s]

Reviewer 3: same point here, this will default to `default_validity` if `default_validity` is non-zero. It will also gets modified when using boltdb shipper. In the case that the ingester or write target is being run, this ends up being set to 1 minute less than the `storage_config`'s index cache validity. I don't think we should include a default value at all here.

[max_streams_per_user: <int> | default = 0]

# Maximum line size on ingestion path. Example: 256kb.
# There is no limit when unset or set to 0.
# CLI flag: -distributor.max-line-size
[max_line_size: <string> | default = 0 ]

# Truncate log lines when they exceed max_line_size.
# CLI flag: -distributor.max-line-size-truncate
[max_line_size_truncate: <bool> | default = false ]

# Maximum number of log entries that will be returned for a query.
# CLI flag: -validation.max-entries-limit
[max_entries_limit_per_query: <int> | default = 5000 ]

# Maximum number of active streams per user, per ingester. 0 to disable.
# CLI flag: -ingester.max-streams-per-user

> [max_streams_per_user: <int> | default 0]

Reviewer: I don't understand what the default value of 0 causes to happen.  What does it disable?  I'm guessing that the value of 0 eliminates a cap.

Author: I'm not sure either, can try to find out later looking through the code

Author: it was easy to find, 0 effectively makes it unlimited. I've rephrased that as well 
https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/4d8009cacc28cd15567b8af481576ec2f54f1c7b/pkg/ingester/limiter.go#L94

# CLI flag: -validation.enforce-metric-name
[enforce_metric_name: <boolean> | default = true]

# Maximum line size on ingestion path. Example: 256kb.
# There is no limit when unset or set to 0.
# CLI flag: -distributor.max-line-size
[max_line_size: <string> | default = 0 ]

# Truncate log lines when they exceed max_line_size.
# CLI flag: -distributor.max-line-size-truncate

> [max_line_size_truncate: <bool> | default = false ]

Reviewer 3: based on the generic placeholders section at the top, boolean values should use the placeholder `<boolean>`

```suggestion
[max_line_size_truncate: <boolean> | default = false ]
```
